# COVID-Cares
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, most of the children are forced to study at home. However, as the economic market improves, their parents are going back to their work. Under this suitaction, at least one of the parents needs to give up his/her career, which may cause financial burden to the family. Therefore, we are offering babysitters to help those families. The babysitters will provide an array of services from tutoring to tidying up around the house. COVID Cares will ease the minds of struggling parents and help maintain a fun, interactive, and nurturing environment for kids at home. COVID Cares will take into account the customers’ contact information especially addresses. With the effects of COVID being detrimental to many parts of the tristate area, we want our customers to have the convenience of a nearby babysitter to be there for them at any time. We will also take into account the customer requirements such as how experienced the babysitter is, and what days the family needs for the babysitter to be available. COVID Cares will then match each family with an array of babysitters that have the skills that align with a family’s needs, they can have the skills of not only tutoring, but as well as cooking, cleaning all according to what the customer is looking for. The babysitters will also be able to view the families that are interested in them and will be available to families that are easily accessible. Their form of transportation will be recorded so the families know what they should be aware of, as well as the area the babysitter is coming from to know what sort of COVID hotspots they are in and what sorts of regulations their area is under.  Since at COVID Cares we want to ensure the safety of both the customers and babysitters and make the process as seamless as possible. Once a family is paired with a babysitter, the details of specific jobs will be assigned and discussed between both parties. The schedules and the wages of the babysitter are going to be readily available to view and will all be within the COVID Cares database. COVID Cares wants to put our customers’ mind at ease, especially through these tough times we do care. 
